config forbid same server-port and admin-server-port (#3559)
PostgREST/postgrest: CHANGELOG.md

 - #2052, Dropped support for PostgreSQL 9.6 - @wolfgangwalther
 - #2052, Dropped support for PostgreSQL 10 - @wolfgangwalther
 - #2052, Dropped support for PostgreSQL 11 - @wolfgangwalther

>  - #3508, #3559, Server port and admin server port can end up with the same value - @develop7
>     + The app fails to start when the server port and admin server port are the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - #3508, #3559, PostgREST now fails to start when `server-port` and `admin-server-port` config options are the same - @develop7
```

 - #3414, Force listener to connect to read-write instances using `target_session_attrs` - @steve-chavez
 - #3255, Fix incorrect `413 Request Entity Too Large` on pg errors `54*` - @taimoorzaeem
 - #3549, Remove verbosity from error logs starting with "An error occurred..." and replacing it with "Failed to..." - @laurenceisla
 - #3508, #3559, Server port and admin server port can end up with the same value - @develop7

>     + The app is fails to start when the server port and admin server port are the same

Reviewer 2: Should be moved to the UNRELEASED section https://github.com/PostgREST/postgrest/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#unreleased

Author: Done!
